[music]
won
there
oh
[music]
the water
It's a way of playing. 4 Bowling
It's a game that takes a lane's gun and knocks a pin up on the lane cover .
Use it
The score that scored a lot of Canals was scorpions,
Shadow is a record game, and one game can range from 1 frame to 10 frames
It's done.
If you hit a strike of one frame, go directly to the next frame.
For example, the frame does not hit the first pitch to the next cycle after the treatment, the remaining seupeah
The frame is a game that leads to a freezing flow.
Of course , there are so many etiquette yards of the four bowling .
By default, when you hit this year when the left and the right people in Vung absolute Pour Tour
I can not.
Oh, you never really know the foul line lover paon Lime rolls approach
You should not see it.
And because you'll pass a lot of people enjoying Seoul loudly or shout
It is not even caused
Finally, it is always moved to the parent form and 10000000000000000 won and place under Bowling
To give
What are the default ticket What kind of part of the olive
4 I can tell you the ball from the first.
In the case of the legislation on the left is a house that is housed in a bowling alley
And the deal still so many planetary material made of polyurethane or properties
There is not much movement and it sprinkles and this horn I carry
I sow that privately-owned ivory m
In the case of MYBOL , there are urethane horns and reactive holes
There are many kinds of roots made of various materials, so depending on the material
There are a lot of differences in hole movements and properties
There are so many bollards in the castle.
Your gonna say that this ahdae in Iasi consideration if such aid as he is
It does not cause a big difference from the case with a bare hand tube,
After entering the women's or poly first time,
is
And this basketball rice is the same case.
Speaking side of the show cause why Paul is not a straight 10 minutes straight
It is suitable for inducing shorter choppers earlier than many widths .
And
2 Aww she adjustable angle for Cobra doeneundeyo Ah, if such is ahdae
It is a child that is universally used to enjoy many misfortunes of modern people .
If the layout angle yen for the left and right angle adjustment value on the wrist is also the vertical angle
Because you can control
In the case of Adel, there are many differences in absorbency and characteristics,
Even possible
If you use a lot of intermediate or higher ballers, it is below.
Is that really the point here is housing which has been in Simba
Oh, no, I'd like to mention the shoes first .
As you can see , when I looked at the floor, it looked the same on both sides.
Because it is a shoe made to bow to the guests in the bowling alley, left-handed
It is a pair of shoes that are not part of the right hand
But in case of My Series, as you can see ,
It's different.
Right-handed appliances are made of leather with sliding feet.
Itguyo made itgekkeum can naturally
In the case of the right foot, the old press materials for the kick to help the sliding
Because it is made a lot better to help improve the game
It's Sez.
Separately, in the case of left-handed, the opposite
[music]
ei ei
wee bit 13 4
8 War II emerged
Start spreading 1st degree disabled
South Korea're going to see you overflow
People are so happy that they are very colorful
Enjoy lipstick
ex ex I